Meeting 1, 11/09/2023:
Modality: Zoom
Duration: 15 minutes
Scribed by: Michael Thomas

Progress: Finished document for lab 10, finished use case diagram, set up code skeleton, set up project board, decided on final app idea, allocated workload for the week.
New expense page: We plan on users being able to assign categories to each expense and income. TA says everything looks good.
Look at splitwise app, maybe consider including tesseract for the project.

Everything looks good so far, plan work for the next week, use branches, keep in backlog until assigned to someone then move to todo, list things we are going to do next week.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 2, 11/16/2023
Modality: Zoom
Duration: 15 minutes
Scribed by: Patrick Hunt

Overview:

    - Showed the TA our progress since last week, including the functionality for the login and registration page, as well as the homepage and the expense page, and discussed
    plans for next week. 
    - We went over the project board, the TA instructed us to make sure that we are adding tasks to the backlog.
    - Discussed several options to improve our design (listed below)

Decisions made: 

    - We finalized our decision to use the expense categories in the database, as opposed to using them in local storage. There was some disagreement about this but we 
    came to a consensus. 
    - We will get rid of of the database table with the custom categories, and only have one database table for expense categories. This way, we can start by inserting default
    categories, and then when the user adds and further categories, they will be added to this table. This table will utilize the 'username' field in the users table as a 
    foreign key to make sure that the categories are appropriately matched to each user who added them. 

Alternative actions/options discussed:

    - We discussed a way to make the expense categories less broad with the TA, and discussed potentially amalgamating all of the expense data into one, as suggested by the TA,
    similar to a receipt from the grocery store. This would contain all of the individual items purchased in the trip to the grocery store, instead of having broad expenses listed.
    - The TA recommended that for our homepage, the user should be able to click on an individual category and see all of the expenses for that category, instead of having
    them all displayed at once. This could be done using a dropdown. 
    - We discussed the need to focus on features that will make our Web Application unique apart from the labs we have done. 

Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:
    - Andrew will be working on the expense page
    - Patrick will be working on the homepage
    - Michael will be working on the page that generates a report
    - Julie will be working on the profile page

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 3, 11/30/2023
Modality: Zoom
Duration: 15 minutes
Scribed by: Andrew Yang

Overview:

    - Showed the TA our progress since last week, including the functionality for all of the pages (login, registration, profile, expenses, report page, profile page).
    plans for next week. 
    - The TA instructed us to complete the test cases for all of the features of our website.
    - The website will be production ready by the end of next week.
    - Discussed several options to improve our design (listed below).

Decisions made: 

   - We will add an option for registered users to upload a profile picture, which will be displayed as an icon on the navbar as well as in the profile page.
   - The website will notify users upon successful login.
   - In the profile page, display the up-to-date username.

Alternative actions/options discussed:

    - We discussed the possibility of additional features in our application using external APIs. Namely, an option for users to input data through Optical Character Recognition (OCR). We determined there are inherent difficulties with the OCR approach due to the non-standardized nature of receipts in general (A Starbucks receipt will look different from a Costco receipt).
    - Instead of OCR, we proposed a simpler approach of parsing data from spreadsheets instead, or require users to format their scans.

Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:

    - Andrew and Michael will explore externals APIs for additional functionality, such as the ability to
      scan data from spreadsheets and images. If time permits, polish the website's aesthetics.
    - Patrick will finish features for the navigation bar.
    - Julie will add finishing touches to the profile page.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Meeting 4, 12/7/2023
Modality: Zoom
Duration: 15 minutes
Scribed by: Julie Huang

Overview:

    - We showed the TA our presentation slides and some additional small features added to website
    - TA instructed us to complete test cases
    - TA emphasized to stay within the 10-minute time frame for the presentation

Decisions made: 

    - TA instructed us to add more to description of our website in the slides including:
        - What is unique  about our website, even it's a minor difference
        - What is not in the market right now? Why is our website different from competitors?
        - How will our wbeiste be used by the end user and benefit them?
   - During the presentation, we have 5 minutes to go through the whole wbesite, make sure to show everything, don't spend too much time on register and login page
        - Show the main features on the website and make sure to cover everything
        - Ensure presentation fits within the 10 minute time frame
   - Give observations, this is the expected outcome, test with us being the end user and we give the observation
        - Under observation, talk about everything, what is the user doing, answer all questions
        - Show back end is comunicating with front end and database


Alternative actions/options discussed:

    - During our presentation, TA suggested to show how the tools were useful to us, we don't have to go through each tool in detail
        - If we want we can pick 2-3 tools that stood out to us 
        - Still mention all tools, but only go into detail for the most useful ones


Follow-up items, including agreed-on roles and responsibilities:

    - All team members will ensure to stay within the 10 minute timeframe
    - Andrew will finish adding inserts
    - All team members will add any final touches  